Remeber that diet I said I was going to try on Jay Leno? well 10 days later I'm down 8 pounds. - > http://tinyurl.com/yj8hppc
Congratulations Mr. Obama!

(Can I get coverage now even with my pre-existing cheese rash?)

(Asking for my friend.)
@maacnp They were a last winter Target dealie.
Also you changed my name and put a T in. AGAIN WTF?
WTF hackers, really??
It wouldn't be summer without that NY garbage smell.
Hopefully, upgraded to Quilt.
Where will Blanket be in ten years?
PSA: Ben & Jerry have a new flavor: Mission to Marzipan. 

IT'S AMAZING.
Oh you kids these days. I can't tell which one is a hipster and which one's a hobo. You're all wearing beards, plaid, and riding a bike.
See, Apple FINALLY made the trackpad a tablet! TOLD YOU IT WAS A GOOD IDEA!
Even though it's almost over, May the 4th be with you!
Why can't I doodle on my trackpad with a pen thing? I like drawing giants penises on Jon Stewart. 

Apple- Doodleytrackpad! Stat!
I think I can safely speak for America when I say, we're not shallow, but please, Britain, do something with Susan Boyle's eyebrows.
I may have lost a chocolate bunny somewhere in this bed...

Don't judge me.
It's so nice out. It almost makes me want to go for a walk.

Almost.
Let's put our cards on the table: I dutch oven you -hilarious. You dutch oven me -I barf in the bed.
Amos probably didn't start out Famous, but with cookies this good, it was a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Am I eating a Caramello bar for lunch? Yes. Yes I am.
What does Monica Lewinski say to her new boyfriend? 

"It's close, but it's no cigar."
I like my men like my peanut butter: chunky.
Are Eggrolls just Chinese Hotpockets?
I don't know why I even bother chewing corn anymore.
I'm not ashamed to admit this can of cheetos has been rolling around my desk drawer since 2006. And they're still good.
I love the happy laundry day accident of putting on what you think is unmatching, and then realizing you look more stylish than usual.
You tell the sandwich artist "a dab of mayo" and they slather it. It's almost like they're not being paid a living wage or something.
It's not Christmas with out Karen Carpenter.
Phew! Macbook back from wherever they send these things. Interwebz here I come!
Somewhere a man named Barack Obama sits on a toilet and thinks the same thing I do: I need to trim my toe nails.
Why do they say, "I'm Prairie Doggin' it", when "I'm doin' a turdle!" would make more sense. And be punny.
You may all return to your previously scheduled poop jokes, sex references, and general vulgarity.
"But Daddy, Obama's kids are getting a puppy, why can't I?" Because Daddy voted for McCain.
I can't remember the last time I was this proud to be an American. I am so proud of all of us.
READY THE SHOT GLASSES AMERICA.
When they call it for Barack, we all do a shot.
Please make the right choice today.
Is it too early for nachos?
For some reason my farts smell like dog food. I don't think I ate any...
What would be a funny name for a garbage man?
Halloween is good because I can pretend I'm buying candy to give away.
When it comes to sex my only rule is no ifs, ands, or butts. Literally.
Dude, those new Macs are super sexxay.
People peeeeeeople, get it straight. The saxophone is the devil's tool. Duh. That's why it's the only instrument capable of the brown note.
So basically jazz is amazing. But only old jazz! None of this midi bullshit. Fuck you smooth jazz.
Common Consensus: Excedrin Migraine. Thank you!
Guys, what's the best headache medicine?
This made me laugh so hard I almost peed! http://twitter.com/LevarBurton
Someone just sent this to me. I'm going to go ahead and go on the record saying it's correct. http://tinyurl.com/3ztxxj
My aborted fetus knows more about economic policy than John McCain.
You know, this twitter thing is addictive. I like all of your at reply thingers.
So now Reese's makes a limited edition Elvis cup? What? Peanut-butter, banana, and chocolate? It's nasty. And something rotted in the pb.
Has anyone else noticed that the Whatchamacallit is seriously underrepresented in many of today's fine vending machines?
I'm a multitasker. Which is why I nap on the toilet.
I stubbed my knee last night and now it looks like I've been blowing a hobo on gravel.
I love men who wear copious amounts of deodorant. It's a turn on.
Know what sounds good right now? A McRib Sammich.
People ask if my vagina is anything like Sarah @palinsvagina. The answer is yes, but mine is smarter.
People keep telling me that once you have a twitter, you have to update it. Pshaw. What do they know?
